# SRT meeting 2023-08-09

[Previous meeting notes](https://github.com/haskell/security-advisories/blob/main/meeting-notes/2023-07-26.md)

## Previous AIs:

 - Mihai
     - Will follow up for project contacts for embargoed issues
     - Look into GHCup #858 -- still in progress
 - Everyone
     - Send David the email address used by your Bitwarden account
       so it can be added to HF's organization.
 - FT
     - Documentation of repo structure, including symlinks
     - Documentation about dates - that they are retieved from Git history
         - full history required, not shallow clone
     - Create GH issue to design HSEC ID reservation feature
     - re Base readFloat, update bgamari that advisory exists
     - ping pandoc folks, ask them to submit advisories
 - someone
     - Requirements/guidelines for dependency analysis tooling
         - Start writing them down, commit to our repo

## Pandoc 

- New pandoc issue: https://github.com/jgm/pandoc/security/advisories/GHSA-xj5q-fv23-575g
- Related issue: https://github.com/jgm/pandoc/issues/8584
- Security section of manual: https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#a-note-on-security


## Recording affected symbols

- Tristan looking into it
- Some doubts about how to record e.g. type class instances
- GitHub issue we can use for discussion: https://github.com/haskell/security-advisories/issues/86 *"Leverage the declaration field to specify which function is affected"*


## ID reservation

- PR: https://github.com/haskell/security-advisories/pull/114
- `hsec-tools reserve-id --assign --commit`
- TODO: add diagnostic output e.g. "Reserved HSEC-YYYY-NNNN.md"


## Publishing hsec-tools to hackage?

- We should probably do it some time :)
- Maybe extract OSV library first, and land the toml library change first

## Purl parsing

- [spec](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec)
- [Hackage](https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/blob/master/PURL-TYPES.rst#hackage)
- Casey started work on this
- We should define and propose to haskell community a *profile* of Purl, in particular how to represent
    - Package components (`lib`, `exe:<name>`, `lib:<name>`)
    - Cabal flags (`[+-]<flag-name>`)
    - There is a hackage namespace defined for Purl, but it does not suggest how to represent these data

    
## Action Items
 - Bitwarden accounts?
 - Mihai: 
   - Progress on embargoed items
   - Look into GHCup #858 -- still in progress
 - Tristan: rebase the toml-parser PR#88

 - David: Encourage Pandoc devs to test out our advisory process
 - FT: Documentation of repo structure
 - FT: Diagnostic output (created file XYZ)
 - FT to publish PR for (currently WIP) enhancement to record package components in HSEC security-advisories
